End User License Agreement
==========================

By using all or any portion of the Software you accept all the terms and
conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree, do not use this Software.

Please be advised that certain products may prompt you for elevated admin
privileges. Please be advised that in case you choose to decline such elevated
admin privilege request, such product may still be executed and installed
without admin privilege but may not have the full product capabilities.

DEFINITIONS
-----------

When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective
meanings indicated, such meanings to be applicable to both the singular and
plural forms of the terms defined:
“Licensor” means the person who grants a license to another, the latter called
the licensee.
“Licensee” means You or Your Company, unless otherwise indicated.
“Software” is defined by 48 CFR 2.101 to means (i) Computer programs that
comprise a series of instructions, rules, routines, or statements, regardless
of the media in which recorded, that allow or cause a computer to perform a
specific operation or series of operations; and (ii) Recorded information
comprising source code listings, design details, algorithms, processes, flow
charts, formulas, and related material that would enable the computer program
to be produced, created, or compiled.
“Use” or “Using” means to access, install, download, copy or otherwise benefit
from using the functionality of the Software in accordance with the
Documentation.
“System” means Windows OS, GNU/Linux or Mac OS X, or any virtual machine.

GENERAL USE
-----------

The software product under this License is provided free of charge. Even
though a license fee is not paid for the use of such software, it does not
mean that there are no conditions for using such software.
You are granted a non-exclusive License to Use the downloaded Software for any
purposes for an unlimited period of time under the following conditions:
2.1. The Software may be installed and Used by the Licensee for any legal
purpose.
2.2. The Software may be installed and Used by the Licensee for only one
system.
2.3. The Licensee may not distribute this software to any third parties.
2.4. The Licensee will not have any proprietary rights in and to the Software.
The Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Licensor retains all copyrights
and other proprietary rights in and to the Software.
2.5 Use within the scope of this License is free of charge and no royalty or
licensing fees shall be paid by the Licensee.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
----------------------------

3.1 This License does not transmit any intellectual rights on the Software.
The Software and any copies that the Licensee is authorized by the Licensor to
make are the intellectual property of and are owned by the Licensor.
3.2 The Software is protected by copyright, including without limitation by
Copyright Law and international treaty provisions.
3.3 The structure, organization and code of the Software are the valuable
trade secrets and confidential information of the Licensor. The Licensee
agrees not to decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the
source code of the Software.
3.4 Any attempts to reverse-engineer, copy, clone, modify or alter in any way
the installer program without the Licensor’s specific approval are strictly
prohibited. The Licensee is not authorized to use any plug-in or enhancement
that permits to save modifications to a file with software licensed and
distributed by the Licensor.

WARRANTY
--------

4.1 The Licensor warrants that:
4.1.1 the Licensor owns the Software and documentation and/or is in possession
of valid and existing licenses that support the terms of this Agreement;
4.1.2 to the best of the Licensor’s knowledge, the Software does not infringe
upon or violate any intellectual property right of any third party;
4.1.3 the Software does not contain any routine, intentionally designed by the
Licensor to disable a computer program, or computer instructions that may
alter, destroy or inhibit the processing environment.
4.2 Except those warranties specified in section 4.1 above, the Software is
being delivered to the Licensee “AS IS” and the Licensor makes no warranty as
to its use or performance.
The Licensor does not and cannot warrant the performance or results the
Licensee may obtain by using the Software. The entire risk arising out of use
or performance of the Software remains with the Licensee.
The Licensor gives no warranty, express or implied, that (i) the Software will
be of satisfactory quality, suitable for any particular purpose or for any
particular use under specified conditions, notwithstanding that such purpose,
use, or conditions may be known to the Licensor; or (ii) that the Software
will operate error free or without interruption or that any errors will be
corrected.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
-----------------------

In no event will the Licensor be liable for any damages, claims or costs
whatsoever or any consequential, indirect, incidental damages, or any lost
profits or lost savings, even if the Licensor has been advised of the
possibility of such loss, damages, claims or costs or for any claim by any
third party, or any adware installed or displayed by any third party.
In no event will the Licensee be liable to the Licensor on condition that the
Licensee complies with all terms and conditions stated in this License.

NON-WAIVER
----------

If a portion of this agreement is held unenforceable, the remainder shall be
valid. It means that if one section of the Agreement is not lawful, the rest
of the Agreement is still in force. A party’s failure to exercise any right
under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of (a) any other terms or
conditions of this Agreement, or (b) a right at any time thereafter to require
exact and strict compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
